Oh today I'm going to be doing the
what's on my iPad Mini I have a white
iPad Mini in my case is just a pink
Smart Cover and it just opens up and it
is magnetic but yeah I decided to do
this video because my what's on my
iPhone was really popular and I just
wanted to do what's on my iPad and also
I am filming a new location of which I
think this is going to be like my normal
filming spot I just like a blank blue
all better but make sure you guys tell
me in the comments which spot you like
better because I have been moving around
a lot but yeah let's just get into the
video this is my iPad Mini and my lock
screen is a picture of me and my friend
at a competition right now where this
337 Monday February 17th and when you
slide to unlock my background is just a
sparkly background which I'll show you
where I got it in a second but starting
at the top I have calendar Safari app
store camera notes photos mail iTunes
settings Netflix which Netflix is just
my favorite thing to watch shows on then
I flappy bird which I love flappy bird I
play this game constantly let me just
play for you real quick
for wonderful my high school is 70 okay
so then I've asked a fan which is
personal just because my friends can or
whoever can ask me questions but it is
personal
and then at the bottom I have YouTube
Instagram o'clock and music which
YouTube you guys obviously know beauty
group gray so six Instagram is personal
o'clock I just use this to set like my
alarms first school then I my music
which obviously I just listened to music
on and iTunes radio moving on to the
next page I have just a folder with the
titles nothing on splink but I FaceTime
Game Center Maps photo booth reminders
newsstand
oops contracts videos and messaging
which these are just stuff that I don't
use that often I just put them in here
okay that I'm subway surfer which is
just a game cupcakes which is where I
got my wallpaper and you just go to the
gallery and there's so many different
wallpapers I think this was like $1 or
$2 I don't know but you can get it for
your iPhone or iPad and it's definitely
worth it okay and then the next up is
surviving high school which is just a
surviving high school game and then I
have happy jump which if you guys don't
know what this is it's just a game where
it's kind of like doodle jump and you're
a ice cream or whatever and you have to
like move the thing I don't know it's
pretty easy and then I just have like
you can get different jellies it's just
like different kind of like jelly ice
cream things together which it's really
fun so definitely recommend going to get
that game I have iron pants which is
really hard but I really like it my high
school is 15 I think let me just play
for you guys wait okay really bad like
please
it's hard to place this whatever my high
scores 15 though and then I apply my
iPhone which is my iPhone or iPod or
whatever is lost I can go on to this and
play a sound and then it will start
doing the sound and they'll know where
it is literally I was at my friend's
house and I lost my phone for the whole
entire day I couldn't find it and I was
really upset and I didn't have it hooked
up yet so I couldn't find it but then I
finally hooked it up because I now
realized that I lose again I have an app
I've square ready which if you have a
picture you can just like white the
border like have a white border you guys
basically know what this is I'll just
show you real quick tells reason okay
you can just work you can just okay even
just like move the little white border
around where you want and then you can
Center it
get off the rivers the picture whatever
and then you can change the color either
you could choose like from so many
colors like if you wanted it green or
blue they have like different like blue
schemes and you just move it where you
want you could make it very small it's
fit and you could like I don't know but
yeah basically it just gives you space
island I like it way better than
fantastic because you can move it around
where you want after light which is just
a ending basically you just have a
picture this is my picture I don't know
and then you can do like different
effects you can put it in like borders
like letter bordering and like how faded
or how small or big you want it I don't
know it's just a really great app they
use and then I fantastic in pick stitch
which are just collages so that it's
just what is all my iPad Mini nothing
too exciting but yeah that's just what
is on my iPad hope you guys enjoyed this
video make sure to thumbs it up and
subscribe to my channel and leave video
requests in the comments below because I
don't know what videos to do